So we have different Power BI versions,
let's take a look at those.
So we have some changes in 2017 and this changes look like that, until the 31st of May,
the situation was like that. We had Power BI free,
so this is the
version you simply get when you login to the Power BI service or when you download the desktop application without
paying,
that's why it's called Power BI free of course
and we have Power BI pro, a version with additional capabilities which you have to pay for.
The main difference is that Power BI free is meant to be for personal users. If you want to collaborate
with other people and have increased sharing capabilities,
then you have to use Power BI pro.
That's what it was until the 31st of May.
Now we had some changes.
The changes took place starting on the 1st of June 2017.
These changes mainly affect Power BI free because Power BI free got more pro features, like access
to all pro databases, so the connections, increased workspace storage and improved refresh rates.
The goal of that was the following,
the Power BI free and the pro obligation should be aligned in terms of the general functionalities
but let me talk about the target group,
they should stay the same,
so Power BI free is still meant for personal users and Power BI pro has enhanced sharing features because
it's meant for collaboration in organizations.
So those are two versions
but in June 2016, we have another new feature and this is Power BI premium.
Now Power BI premium is meant to be for large scale BI deployments, so a topic we will not talk about in
that course.
This course focuses on Power BI pro, so whenever I will use a feature that requires Power BI pro,
you will see that in that module.
However if you don't have Power BI pro, you can get a 60 days free trial of it to make sure that
you can apply the same steps that I will apply in that module now
but generally, we can say that with the Power BI pro and with the content of this module, we get a really
comprehensive overview of the sharing and collaborating features of Power BI.
Now that we talked about the differences between the different versions,
it's time to finally log into Power BI service the first time, right.
Let's do this in the next video.